2/ definitions in create new project: update create-new-project docs (#10830)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/getting-started/create-new-project.mdx

The easiest way to start building a Dagster project is by using the `dagster project` CLI. This CLI tool helps generate files and folder structures that enable you to quickly get started with Dagster.

---

## Bootstrapping a new project

You can scaffold a new project using the default project skeleton, or start with one of the official Dagster examples.

<TabGroup>

> <TabItem name="Starting with the default project skeleton">

Reviewer: Thoughts on shortening the tab labels to `Default project skeleton | Official example`?

> To get started, you can run:

Reviewer: It might be good to add an H3 here so users can jump to this section (and the official example tab) if they want to. Ex: `### Using the default project skeleton` and `### Using an official example` It'll also show up in the sidenav, too!

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>my_dagster_project/</td>

>       <td>A Python package that contains code for your new Dagster code.</td>

Reviewer: Yo dawg, I heard you like code, so I got some code for your code!

lol. Perhaps this should be something like `A Python package that contains code for your new Dagster project`?

Reviewer 2: "A Python package that contains your new Dagster code"?

>         <code>my_dagster_project.</code>.

Reviewer: Just noticed this - there's an extra period at the end of the sentence. Mind taking care of it?

      <td>pyproject.toml</td>
      <td>
        A file that specifies package core metadata in static, tool-agnostic
        way.
        <br />
        It includes a <code>tool.dagster</code> section which references to your

>         Dagster project as a python package. This allows you to type just

Reviewer: ```
 It includes a <code>tool.dagster</code> section which references to your
 Dagster project as a python package. This allows you to type just
```

- `python` > `Python`
- Should this be something like `It includes a tool.dagster section that references your Dagster project...`?

Reviewer 2: I think we should explicitly avoid the term "Dagster project" in these more specific contexts since despite the name of the command, we don't have a formal notion of project. 

Instead let's be specific about the behavior. "A python package with Dagster definitions defined and discoverable at the top-level"

>         `dagit` without any parameters in order to load your Dagster code. Visit{" "}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <code>dagit</code> without any parameters in order to load your Dagster code. Visit{" "}
```

This wasn't rendering as code

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>my_dagster_project/__init__.py</td>
      <td>
        The <code>__init__.py</code> file includes a{" "}
        <PyObject object="Definitions" /> object that contains all the definitions defined within your project. A definition can be an asset, a job, a schedule, a sensor, or a resource. This allows Dagster to load the definitions in an installed package.
        <br />

>         Visit <a href="/concepts/code-locations#load-definitions-in-an-installed-package">Code Locations concept page</a> to learn other ways to deploy and load your Dagster code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Refer to the <a href="/concepts/code-locations#load-definitions-in-an-installed-package">Code locations documentation</a> to learn other ways to deploy and load your Dagster code.
```

This one's a nit - sorry. Feel free to kick it out 😅
